The Blue Alliance makes use of several service classes. Services are objects that encapsulate some amount of work and tend to be long-lived in memory. Services will generally respond to some external action and execute accordingly when necessary.

## Retry Service - `RetryService.swift`

`RetryService` is a serviced used (exclusively) by other service classes to manage scheduling logic to be performed periodically. `RetryService` manages both the lifecycle and threading considerations for a [`Timer`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/timer) object. Only objects that conform to `Retryable` are able to be managed by a `RetryService`. `RetryService` should only be used within other services.

`Retryable` objects must must register with their `RetryService` via `registerRetryable()` to setup a timer and start receiving periodic calls to `retry()`. The duration between calls is set by `retryInterval` - the time internal in seconds, represented as a Double. `RetryService` can fire an initial execution of its `Retryable`s `retry()` during registration by calling `registerRetryable(initiallyRetry: true)`. This is useful for objects that execute a timed task in `retry()` to be executed immediately upon registering with their `RetryService`, as opposed to the next execution of their scheduled timer.

Keep in mind the lifecycle related to a `Timer` when using `RetryService`. A `Timer` created during `registerRetryable()` will hold a strong reference to it's `Retryable` object. Failing to call `unregisterRetryable()` when a `Retryable` is done with it's retry logic will keep the `Retryable` and `RetryService` objects in memory. Alternatively, if a service is meant to remain in memory for the lifespan of the app, avoid calling `unregisterRetryable()` if there are no other strong references to the object.

You can read more about `Timer` lifecycles from [Apple's Using Timers documentation](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/Cocoa/Conceptual/Timers/Articles/usingTimers.html)